README.md, before:

# bmi

## BMI Calculator
# A Flutter application for calculating Body Mass Index (BMI) with a clean and user-friendly interface. This app allows users to input their gender, height, and weight to calculate their BMI and view detailed results.

## Screens shot
 
<img width="299" height="651" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0461e79-adca-4a00-83aa-4832dd5c6f5b" />
<img width="299" height="650" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d7cfff6-3c73-4f0e-ad2c-da87f807ba40" />
<img width="295" height="655" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e8d4b7d-97e9-4015-8697-9e4712d28c67" />


## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

Commit message:

Update README with features overview
Added features section to README with key functionalities.

README.md, after:

# bmi

## BMI Calculator
# A Flutter application for calculating Body Mass Index (BMI) with a clean and user-friendly interface. This app allows users to input their gender, height, and weight to calculate their BMI and view detailed results.

## Screens shot
 
<img width="299" height="651" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0461e79-adca-4a00-83aa-4832dd5c6f5b" />
<img width="299" height="650" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d7cfff6-3c73-4f0e-ad2c-da87f807ba40" />
<img width="295" height="655" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e8d4b7d-97e9-4015-8697-9e4712d28c67" />

## 🚀 Features
- get Name pationt
- View the detals and the calc Bmi 
- give the result by Api  

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
